Update packages, migrate to ESM (#1760)
actions/cache: README.md

### ⚠️ Important changes

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > `actions/cache@v6` runs on the Node.js 24 runtime and requires a minimum Actions Runner version of `2.327.1`.

Reviewer: This should likely stay pointing at v5 (yes it applies to v6 too and any version that follows)
```suggestion
> `actions/cache@v5` (and newer) runs on the Node.js 24 runtime and requires a minimum Actions Runner version of `2.327.1`.
```

If you are using this inside a container, a POSIX-compliant `tar` needs to be included and accessible from the execution path.

> Note: `actions/cache@v6` runs on Node.js 24 and requires a minimum Actions Runner version of `2.327.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `actions/cache@v5` (and newer) runs on Node.js 24 and requires a minimum Actions Runner version of `2.327.1`.
```
